c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.exe.config
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.g.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\Home.baml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\Domain\SampleMessageDialog.baml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\Domain\SampleMessageDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\SelectTest.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\SelectTest.baml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\EntityFramework6.Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\EntityFramework6.Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\WpfAppPostgre\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.exe.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\EntityFramework6.Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\EntityFramework6.Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\Domain\SampleMessageDialog.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\Domain\SampleMessageDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\SelectTest.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\Home.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\SelectTest.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.g.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\github\WpfPostgresMaterial\WpfAppPostgre\obj\Debug\WpfAppPostgre.pdb
